known_issues: Updated known issues for Asset Tracker v2 (#8)
greg-fer/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-1: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

					* 156d4cf3a568869adca445d43a786d819ae10250
					* f520159f0415f011ae66efb816384a8f7bade83d

Asset Tracker v2
================

.. rst-class:: v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

CIA-351: Connectivity issues with Azure IoT Hub

>   If a c2d message is sent to the device while the device is in LTE Power Saving Mode, the TCP connection will most likely be terminated by the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If a ``c2d`` message is sent to the device while the device is in the LTE Power Saving Mode, the TCP connection will most likely be terminated by the server.
```

>   Known symptoms of this is frequent reconnections to cloud, that messages sent to Azure IoT Hub never arrives, and that FOTA images are downloaded twice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Known symptoms of this are frequent reconnections to cloud, messages sent to Azure IoT Hub never arriving, and FOTA images being downloaded twice.
```

.. rst-class:: v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

CIA-463: Wrong network mode parameter reported to cloud

>   The network mode string present in `deviceInfo` (nRF Cloud) and `dev` (Azure IoT Hub and AWS IoT) JSON objects that is reported to cloud might contain the wrong network modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The network mode string present in ``deviceInfo`` (nRF Cloud) and ``dev`` (Azure IoT Hub and AWS IoT) JSON objects that is reported to cloud might contain wrong network modes.
